PEM 8.4 release branch (#2466)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pem/8/pem_online_help/06a_toc_pem_barman/02_configuring_barman_server.mdx

---
title: "Configuring a Barman Server"
---

> You can configure and edit your Barman server in the following ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure and edit your Barman server using:
```

> - Using PEM web client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PEM web client
```

- Using `pemworker` command line

## Using PEM web client

**Configure**

You can use the `Create–BARMAN server` dialog to register an existing Barman server with the PEM server.  To access the dialog, right-click on the `BARMAN Servers` node and select `Create-BARMAN Server`.

![Create-BARMAN server dialog - General tab](../images/create_barman_server_general.png)

> Use the fields on the `General` tab to describe the general properties of the Barman Server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the fields on the `General` tab to describe the general properties of the Barman server:
```

> - Use the `Name` field to specify a user-friendly name for the server. The name specified will identify the server in the Browser tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the `Name` field to specify a user-friendly name for the server. The name identifies the server in the Browser tree.
```

- Use the `URL` field to specify the URL of the host where Barman is installed.

> - Use the `Team` field to specify a PostgreSQL role name. Only PEM users who are members of this role, who created the server initially, or have superuser privileges on the PEM server will see this server when they logon to PEM. If this field is left blank, all PEM users will see the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the `Team` field to specify a PostgreSQL role name. Only PEM users who are members of this role, who created the server initially, or have superuser privileges on the PEM server will see this server when they log on to PEM. If this field is left blank, all PEM users see the server.
```

![Create-BARMAN server dialog - PEM Agent tab](../images/create_barman_server_pem_agent.png)

Use the fields on the `PEM Agent` tab to specify connection details for the PEM Agent:

- Use the `Bound Agent` field to select the agent that you want to configure as a Barman server. Only those PEM agents that are supported for Barman are listed in the drop-down list.

- Use the `Probe Frequency` field to specify the number of seconds to execute the probes with the specified interval.

> - Use the `Hearbeat` field to specify the number of seconds interval to check the availability of PEM Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the `Hearbeat` field to specify the number of seconds interval to check the availability of PEM agent.
```

**Editing**

> To edit your Barman server, select your Barman server from the browser tree, right click and select `Properties` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To edit your Barman server, select your Barman server from the browser tree, right click and select `Properties`.
```

![BARMAN server properties - General tab](../images/barman_server_properties_general.png)

> - Use the fields on the PEM Agent tab to modify the `Bound Agent`, `Probe Frequency` and `Heartbeat`. Only the owner of the Barman server can modify the fields on PEM Agent tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the fields on the PEM Agent tab to modify the `Bound Agent`, `Probe Frequency`, and `Heartbeat`. Only the owner of the Barman server can modify the fields on PEM Agent tab.
```

![BARMAN server properties - Information tab](../images/barman_server_properties_information.png)

> - Use the fields on Information tab to view the detailed information about your Barman server. This tab gets populated whenever the Barman related probes are executed. You cannot modify any of the fields on Information tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the fields on Information tab to view the detailed information about your Barman server. This tab gets populated whenever the Barman related probes are executed. You cannot modify any of the fields on the Information tab.
```
